#==JQuery Mobile
a platform abstraction layer like Titanium or PhoneGap.

With jQuery Mobile, it is possible to quickly create mobile web applications that look
and behave consistently across all supported devices, and that have advanced user
interface capabilities. jQuery Mobile gives the developer a standard set of layouts, user
interface widgets, and interactions, as well as a rich API for applying and extending
them.

You can use various emulators that come with the platform application development
SDKs, but the ideal way to test the application is to serve it via a web server and use a
mobile device to browse it. This will give you the best feel for how the application
behaves.

jQuery Mobile will automatically
handle the page transition animation, and will automatically provide a back button in
the header.

#==Ch1 notes
* 手机web apps：基于html的网页应用，增加了移动设备的元素
* jquery mobile是jquery基础上的手机开发包，提供了基于html5和css3的便利包
* 定制很多data-属性，用于装载数据，定位等
* 基于data-属性的元素选择器-jmData()

#讨论问题
本地server和模拟器搭建，很

#==ch2 
load normal page
jQuery Mobile will also handle external pages as well. If you link to a separate page
instead of to an ID of a data-role="page" element within the current document, jQuery
Mobile will perform an asynchronous fetch of the requested page and integrate it into
the current document, allowing it to perform its page management functions.

load external page
Sometimes you will want to actually load a page normally, rather than having jQuery
Mobile fetch it asynchronously and integrate it into the current DOM. You can override
the AJAX loading in two ways: specifying a target attribute on a link (such as
"_blank") or by specifying a rel="external" attribute on the link.


jQuery Mobile makes use of CSS 3 transforms for animating the page transitions. As
of this writing, jQuery Mobile uses webkit transforms, so they only work in webkit-
based browsers. The good news is that webkit browsers use hardware acceleration to
produce CSS animation, so the animations look smooth even on mobile devices.

